Information Storage and Management: about the Business Continuity

Shujia Liu	liushujia@yahoo.com

Abstract: This paper is about the definition, standard and plan of business continuity, and about the influence and
management of business continuity, and the methods to backup information and recover. This paper focus on dealing with
the disaster, and the future of business continuity.

Key: business continuity, disaster prevention, flush, backup, recover, green storage

1 Business Continuity

Business Continuity is about the plan and implementation, it is a strategy to make sure that the product, marketing,
finance, management and other important elements are ready for clients, suppliers, managers and users in every 
conditions. Business Continuity is a concept that comes from the disaster recover. The activities inside the business
continuity includes everyday management of the projects, system backup, control and support. Business continuity is a
set of technology and operation, the goal of which is to ensure that the business will go smoothly under every 
condition.

The foundation of business continuity is a standard process to ensure the project development, strategy supplement,
the plan will go on continuously no matter what unhappy things happen. All the system design, implement, supplement, and
maintenance are needed to perform above this foundation, in order to make sure that the system has the ability to
recover from disaster.

Business Continuity is not an activity performs only when disaster happens, it is an activity that performs daily to
maintain the equipments, recoverable and continuity. Business continuity is a protection, it points out the key elements
of a company and the threatening elements, and comes out plans and methods to deal with these threatening elements, to
make sure that all the key elements will perform correctly under every condition.

Business continuity is likely to be mixed up with disaster recover, indeed they are different. Disaster recover is a
strategy or tools to reduce the loss when machines become unavailable. Disaster recover is the foundation of business
continuity, it is a subset of business continuity. The goal of business continuity is to reduce the time of disaster
recover, and the ultimate goal of business continuity is to eliminate the time of disaster recover.

2 The Standard Of Business Continuity

ISO: in 2011, ISO delivered ISO/IEC 27031 -- “Information security -- Security techniques -- Guidelines for information
and communication technology readiness for business continuity”, this standard is to provide guidance for information
organization and communication of the management of business continuity. On May 15th, 2012, ISO delivered ISO 22301
--“Societal security -- Business continuity management systems -- Requirements”.

The Standard Console in England delivered BS 25999, it is a standard of business continuity management. There are two
parts:”Business Continuity Management. Code of Practice”, to provide guidance for the process and standard of business
continuity in companies; “Specification for Business Continuity Management”, to describe the requirements of business
continuity management.
　　
3 The Plan Of Business Continuity

Business Continuity Plan is the actions to protect the company from inner and outer threatening elements and the recover
strategy. Business Continuity Plan is to ensure that the company operates well even under the bad condition.

Business Continuity Plan needs a document, including sets of documents, sets of instructions, sets of processes, which
can point out the incidents, disasters, emergencies, threatening elements, and do reactions to them, in order to protect
the core functions of the company go well.

Business Continuity Plan includes a plan about reducing the risks, and estimate the costs of the emergencies, the
probabilities, to ensure the company goes continuously.

Business continuity plan includes five states: the design of solutions, implementation, testing, maintenance, analysis.

Business continuity describe a solution about the daily business organization, and business continuity plan is to
describe all the activities needed to complete that solution. Business continuity plan can be described as an everyone
daily operation.
　　
4 The Analysis Of The Business Influence

Business Influence Analysis can describe all the degrees and levels in a company, both the influences and the 
timetables. For example, it can estimate the influences about an organization when the business functions are going 
well. Business Influence Analysis can analysis the current activities, the influence about the core functions change,
the influence about the new projects.

Business Influence Analysis separates the functions in a company as core and not core. The core activities are those not
allowed to stop, while the not core function are those regular activities.

Business Influence Analysis is base on all the business functions about a company, it marks every business function an
importance level. Business Influence Analysis is to collect all the information above, marks them each a level, recover
point, recover time, so it is the foundation of business continuity.
　　
5 Business Continuity Management

Business Continuity Management is to estimate the invisible risks of a company, and ensure all the required resources
are supported by protecting all the key targets go smoothly. The risks include accidents, emergencies, disasters, and
other events that stop the regular business activities. When the emergencies happens, business continuity management can
minimize the loss and recover immediately through some necessary actions.

When things go wrong, business continuity management can respond immediately and reduce the loss. The management plan
need to be practice when necessary, dealing with the problems of people and the problems of nature.
　　
6 Disaster Tolerant System

Disaster Tolerant System is to build many information systems in the long distance, which are act in the same way, all
the information systems can monitor each other and swap the function. When one information system stops, it can be
replaced by the other system, so that all the system will act normally. Disaster Tolerant System underlines the
influence of the outside world, especially the influence of the storage points from the disaster time, it provides node
level recovery function to the system.

6.1 Disaster Tolerant System Level

Disaster Tolerant System Level can be divided as data disaster tolerant system and application disaster tolerant system
according to the protecting ability of the system. Data disaster tolerant system is to build a data system in another
area, to store the copies of the important data in the local system. When disaster happens, the system can take place of
the local system, so that it can ensure the business continuity. Application disaster tolerant system is higher than the
data disaster tolerant system, it builds an entire application backup system, the same as the local system, when the
disaster happens, the backup system will take place of the local system in order to carry on the business.

6.1.1 No Backup System

This system has no ability to recover, it can just backup in the local area.

6.1.2 Local Tape Backup

This system backup the key data locally, and save them in the backup system. When disaster happens, it recovers
according to the plan. This plan is easy to use and cost little. But when the data becomes bigger, there is a storage
problem of the big data, and it takes a long time to recover from the disaster. So when disaster happens, it recovers
the key elements first, then recovers the not normal elements.

6.13 Ad Hoc Beckup

This system create an ad hoc in another area, and backup through the internet asynchronously. The backup system usually
just save the data, and not to operate the business. When disaster happens, the backup system will take place of the
local system, in order to carry on the business.

6.14 Active Backup Center

This system set up two data center in the long distance, and they both work, backup each other. When one of them goes
wrong, the other will carry on the business of the other. This level can be divided into two kinds of system, one is to
backup the data only, and the other is to backup the entire system.

6.2 Disaster Tolerant Technology

6.2.1 Interconnection

Interconnection is based on the SAM, backup each other through fiber. When disaster happens, the backup data center will
take place of the main data center, so that it can ensure the business continuity. This disadvantages of this kind of
method are that it costs too much, and the local distance is not enough long.

6.2.2 Flash

This method is to backup the mirror of the data in the backup storage system, and flash the data in the backup storage
system to the tapes or disks.

Flash is to scan the data quickly and build a backup logic unit and cache, and copy the backup data quickly to the 
cache. Flush LUN is a pointer, which point to the data in the cache. When the business goes smoothly, flush LUN backup
the entire data. I can ensure that the user access the online data without disturbing the normal business. It 
contributes to the business continuity greatly, ensure that the system can run normally 7*24.

6.2.3 Distant Mirror

Mirror is a copy that comes from data. Distant Mirror is the core function of backup, it is the foundation of keeping
the distant data synchronous and recover from disasters.

Synchronous distant mirror is to copy the local data synchronous to a data center in another area. When disaster 
happens, the user application will be swap to the backup point, so that the backup system can ensure the business
continuity. But the disadvantage is that the time delay is a bit long, so it is limited to use in systems not so far 
in area.

Asynchronous distant mirror is to transport the data to the distant backup system asynchronously, it can make less
influence the performance of the local data system, reduce the requirement of the bandwidth, and make the transport
distance longer. But it will lead to the problem of data inconsistency. The solution is to delay the copy of the local
data, that is to copy the data in the local area, make sure the data is correct, then transport the data to the distant
storage system.
　　
7 Disaster Tolerant Backup

Data backup is to copy and store the data to ensure that the data will be available after the main copy is destroyed, it
can recover the data to the previous status. There are two strategies: hot backup and cold backup, hot backup does not
need to stop the system while the backup process, and the cold backup needs to stop the system while the backup process.

Disaster Tolerant Backup is to ensure the business continuity. When the disks break down, or the system losses data, or
virus breaks in, the system can recover from the backup to ensure the business continuity and minimize the loss.

7.1 Data Backup Model

7.1.1 Unstructured Model

Unstructured model is a bunk of disks, it is the simplest model.

7.1.2 System Mirror Model

System Mirror Model includes the entire mirror of the main storage system at one exactly time period. It is a good
backup model.

7.1.3 Incremental Model

Incremental model is to create backup point at different time periods, it is flexible. It backup only the changed data
so that it reduces the total backup data.

7.2 Data Backup Granularity

The granularity of backup is depended on the data. If the granularity is big, then it needs more time to backup, and it
needs less time to recover. If the granularity is small, then it needs less time to backup, but it needs more time to
recover.

8 Disaster Recovery

Disaster Recovery is a process, strategy and method to recover from the backup in order to overcome the difficulties of
nature disasters or human disasters. Disaster Recovery is a subset of business continuity. 

8.1 Single Point Failure

HBA Failure: one can configure more HBAs, and use multi-access software to prevent the failure of HBA, in order to
improve the performance.

Port Failure: one can configure more ports to increase the usability.

Disk Failure: one can use RAID to prevent the disk failure.

Host Failure: one can use cluster to prevent the host failure.

Solid State Disk Failure: one can use distant backup to prevent solid state disk failure.

8.2 Disaster Recovery Indicator

The two important measurement of disaster recovery are recovery target indicator and recovery time indicator.

Recovery Point Objective (RPO) is the recovery point indicator, it measures the tolerance of the loss of data in the
system, it is about the loss of data.

Recovery Time Objective (RTO) is the recovery time indicator, it measures the tolerance of the business failure time,
that is to say, the minimum time period between the business failure and the recovery, it is about the loss of service.

8.3 Disaster Recovery Strategy

First, the planner of the recovery should read the business continuity plan, knows the recovery target indicator and the
recovery time indicator, then creates the best recovery strategies for each of the system.

8.3.1 Prevent Strategy

One can copy the data backup to tapes periodically. One can also copy the data to disks automatically in local area or
to other disks. One can copy the data to another system, it usually requires SAN technology. One can build a mirror
system, such as RAID. One can use the battery protecting configuration to minimize the loss caused by the unstable
voltage. When the battery comes into failure, one can use backup electronic producer to carry on the business system.
Fire extinguishers and fire alarms can be used to minimize the loss caused by fire, anti-virus softwares can protect the
system from virus attack.

8.3.2 Regular Exercise

One can do regular exercise according to the disaster recovery plan, in order to make improvement of the usability of
the plan. The manager should think about the potential threatening elements covered inside the plan and those beyond the
plan, in order to estimate the usability of the regular exercise. The company can train the faculties to be ready for
emergencies.

Disaster recovery plan includes the selection of members when disasters happens. The members selected must be capable to
carry on the recovery mission during the emergency. These members should be train during the regular exercise.

The leader of the disaster recovery plan should be responsibility, has leadership, knows well about the company, has
powerful management skills, know much about the information technology and data security. The other members in the
disaster recovery plan should have good understanding and implementation.

The manager should train the disaster recovery team regularly, and evaluate the abilities of all the members in the 
team.
　　
9 Conclusion

9.1 Concept Review

Business continuity is a solution to ensure the company operate correctly under every condition. One can build a remote
data system or application system, when the local system goes wrong, the remote system will take place of the local one
and carry on its job, so that the business goes smoothly.

9.2 Ultimate Goal

The goal of business continuity is to shorten the disaster recovery time period, and the ultimate goal is to eliminate
the disaster recovery time period. Using the mirrors to copy data to remote data system, and use flash to backup the
data in the remote data system to the tapes or disks. Flash is to use software to backup the data in the system quickly,
and build a backup logic unit LUN and cache, copy the data to the cache. Flush LUN is a pointer, which point to the data
in the cache and the disk system. When the system goes smoothly, the flash LUN can create an entire backup. It can be
done without affecting the user to get access to the online data in this system, which strengthen the ability of
business continuity, make the system works 7*24. Using the remote mirror technology and the flash technology combined,
one can approach the ultimate goal of business continuity.

9.3 Developing Trend

The most important feature of business continuity is data storage center, and the energy consumption of data storage
center is a key point. The challenge is how to control the energy consumption, and how to save energy, that is an
important key feature to promote business continuity.

The methods to reduce the energy consumption of data storage center are: one can use the virtual technology, that is to
say, to create many virtual systems on one physical system, that can improve the service efficiency. One can use the
hierarchy storage technology to store data of different life periods to different levels of storage medium. One can
assign the storage space dynamically, to build a shared storage pool, it can prevent the loss of large amount of storage
space when data is stored statically. One can delete the redundant data in the storage system, using both hardware and
software technology. One can modularize the storage system in order to improve the building speed of the storage system,
and at the same time, it can reduce the energy consumption.

Energy consumption is a global problem, and business continuity is going to support the development of green storage,
which can create a world of low energy cost data storage center.

10 Reference

[1] Gibson G A, Van Meter R. Network attached storage architecture[J]. Communications of the ACM, 2000, 43(11): 37-45.

[2] Plank J S, Beck M, Elwasif W R, et al. The internet backplane protocol: Storage in the network[C]//In Proceedings of
the Network Storage Symposium. 1999.

[3] Nguyen T, Raymond R M, Leonhardt M L. Network attached virtual data storage subsystem: U.S. Patent 6,658,526[P].
2003-12-2.

[4] Anderson D C, Chase J S, Vahdat A M. Interposed request routing for scalable network storage[C]//Proceedings of the
4th conference on Symposium on Operating System Design & Implementation-Volume 4. USENIX Association, 2000: 18-18.

[5] Beck M, Moore T, Plank J S. An end-to-end approach to globally scalable network storage[C]//ACM SIGCOMM Computer
Communication Review. ACM, 2002, 32(4): 339-346.

[6] Cumpston B H, Ananthavel S P, Barlow S, et al. Two-photon polymerization initiators for three-dimensional optical
data storage and microfabrication[J]. Nature, 1999, 398(6722): 51-54.

[7] Betzig E, Trautman J K, Wolfe R, et al. Near‐field magneto‐optics and high density data storage[J]. Applied P
hysics Letters, 1992, 61(2): 142-144.

[8] Strickler J H, Webb W W. Three-dimensional optical data storage in refractive media by two-photon point 
excitation[J]. Optics Letters, 1991, 16(22): 1780-1782.

[9] Coufal H J, Sincerbox G T, Psaltis D. Holographic data storage[M]. Springer-Verlag New York, Inc., 2000.

[10] Kawata S, Kawata Y. Three-dimensional optical data storage using photochromic materials[J]. Chemical Reviews, 2000,
100(5): 1777-1788.

[11] Lee E K. Highly-available, scalable network storage[C]//Compcon'95.'Technologies for the Information Superhighway',
Digest of Papers. IEEE, 1995: 397-402.

[12] Soltis S R, Major Adviser-O'Keefe M. The design and implementation of a distributed file system based on shared
network storage[M]. University of Minnesota, 1997.

[13] Xu J, Tang X, Lee W C. EASE: an energy-efficient in-network storage scheme for object tracking in sensor 
networks[C]//SECON. 2005: 396-405.

[14] Soltis S, Erickson G, Preslan K. The Design and Performance Of a Shared Disk..[C]//IN THE SIXTH GODDARD CONFERENCE
ON MASS STORAGE SYSTEMS AND TECHNOLOGIES IN COOPERATION WITH THE FIFTEENTH IEEE SYMPOSIUM ON MASS STORAGE SYSTEMS. 
1998.

[15] Coates J L, Bozeman P E. Dynamic replication of files in a network storage system: U.S. Patent 7,203,731[P]. 
2007-4-10.

[16] Terris B D, Mamin H J, Rugar D. Near‐field optical data storage[J]. Applied Physics Letters, 1996, 68(2): 141-143.

[17] Ofek Y. Bundling of write data from channel commands in a command chain for transmission over a data link between
data storage systems for remote data mirroring: U.S. Patent 5,901,327[P]. 1999-5-4.

[18] Gnadinger A P. High density data storage using stacked wafers: U.S. Patent 5,229,647[P]. 1993-7-20.

[19] Pudavar H E, Joshi M P, Prasad P N, et al. High-density three-dimensional optical data storage in a stacked 
compact disk format with two-photon writing and single photon readout[J]. Applied physics letters, 1999, 74(9): 
1338-1340.

[20] Lampson B, Sturgis H. Crash recovery in a distributed data storage system[M]. Palo Alto, California: Xerox Palo
Alto Research Center, 1979.
